# Humane-Donation-at-Doorstep
Donors are not aware of the requirements of NGOs or are too busy to drive to NGO. To fill this gap between NGO and Donors we came up with a solution. Humane is an online platform which helps people get a designated place to donate books, clothes, stationery or even cash for the needy, it encourages people to donate more as they can see their efforts making a difference in the lives of the needy. The donations reach the beneficiaries as it is through a trusted partner NGOs and the donor can also keep a track on a regular basis. Users need to register to the website to make a donation. After the user has logged in the user has to give his/her donation and personal details. He/she needs to set up a pickup schedule. After we have picked up the donation the user can also track us. The website also provides opportunities for other NGOs to collaborate with us.
Humane is an online platform which helps people get a designated place to donate books, clothes, stationery or even cash for the needy, it encourages people to donate more as they can see their efforts making a difference in the lives of the needy. Our Website is available 24/7and you can learn everything about us on our website also you can contact us personally. Whenever you are ready, we will even help you schedule a donation pick-up. 
Sign in to our website to be a part of the Humane and this will allow you to donate and also be a part of our good work by volunteering and helping us. 
The login page will allow the users to login into their account through username and password. If they don't want to login through their username they can also login through their google, facebook or instagram account. New users will have the option to sign up into our website. 
The Donate button will take the user to the page where they can donate almost anything. The donor has to give us the exact pickup location which we can track through google maps. This will allow us to check if the area is under our coverage and can we reach the donor.The next step is donation details where the user has to give proper detail about the donation. Humane provides various donation options.You can almost donate anything. The user will have to post a picture of the things they want to donate. Next, the donor has to schedule a pick up where we can reach them to collect the donation. The last step is to place the order for the donation. 
The donors can also be a part of the goodwill project by being a part of the Humane.  The Get Involved Page will give them full information about how they can also contribute to us. Anybody can become a volunteer and help us. Volunteers can help us to pick-up and deliver the donations. They can help by being a part of the NGO partners as well. We also provide NGO’s to a part of Humane. Humane will send all the donations to the NGOs. 
The About Us Page allows the user to get more information about our platform. How we work ,what we offer, our past stories, feedback  and experiences. 
The Contact Us Page allows the users to contact us if in case there are any queries related to donation or any personal or corporate query. The user can mail us or contact us through phone or SMS.
